09.21.2017

Deliverable 2 

Problem 
Parking at the University of San Diego is problematic for any student arriving later than 9 A.M on any day except for Friday (because the business school does not have class on Fridays).  This can cause a chain reaction of other problems for students trying to arrive to class on time.  Often students are late to class because they have to search a whole parking structure just to realize there are no more spots there and then go to a different structure on campus to park.  This is costly and a frustrating problem for the majority of students.

Solution
We will be reach out to Parking Services and try to get their data. One of our members has a contact with them and we know that they keep parking data. Through our website, we will inform those who commute to school about the amount of parking spots left at each floor in Mission Structure. This will allow the user to know if they should just park in the west parking lot in order to save time. We will also add some sort of “Quick Tips/Facts” about parking where we will have useful observations that will benefit the users. Tips/facts like “after 10am Mon-Fri, you will more than likely have to park in the west since the probability to find a spot in missions is X%.” We are also planning on having user input/observations to post on the website. All of the information and tips/facts will be available through a website.

Process 
We will be using the Scrum Method of agile development. Our process will be broken down into a series of sprints. Each sprint will last about one week, approximately the time in between the deliverables. Our team will meet during dead hours to complete all the tasks. More time will be scheduled if necessary. 

Sprint 1: We will have a skeletal model of what we want our final webpage to look like. There is no code necessary for this step. We just want the visual design of our final project. 
Sprint 2: All team members will have access to visual studio's 2015 where we can begin the backend development of a simple web page. 
Sprint 3: We can start with the CSS behind the web page formatting. 
Sprint 4: We will contact parking services to get information on how they store the parking spot availability and find a way to integrate this information into our website. 
Sprint 5: The site should display all the parking data, this should be getting live updates on parking availability from the parking services database. 
Sprint 6: We should have visually appealing website that is functional and has minimal or no bugs. Along with all the proper documentation for the project completed. 

Julia will act as our group’s scrum master and therefore facilitate most of the interaction between the group and the customer/professor. We believe that the Scrum method will work best for our purposes, as the project deliverables are partitioned in sprint cycle-length increments, and delivery of new features will fit well along with this schedule. Additionally, because the specifications of the exact implementation of our product are not completely set at this point, the flexibility of an agile method, such as Scrum, means the group won’t be beholden to rigid definitions, and will be open to change.
